adding doc for azure managed prometheus support in prometheus scaler (#1076 (#1076)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.10/scalers/prometheus.md

    cortexOrgID: my-org # DEPRECATED: This parameter is deprecated as of KEDA v2.10 in favor of customHeaders and will be removed in version 2.12. Use custom headers instead to set X-Scope-OrgID header for Cortex. (see below)
    customHeaders: X-Client-Id=cid,X-Tenant-Id=tid,X-Organization-Id=oid # Optional. Custom headers to include in query. In case of auth header, use the custom authentication or relevant authModes.
    ignoreNullValues: false # Default is `true`, which means ignoring the empty value list from Prometheus. Set to `false` the scaler will return error when Prometheus target is lost
    unsafeSsl: "false" #  Default is `false`, Used for skipping certificate check when having self signed certs for Prometheus endpoint    

>     # Required when using Azure managed service for Prometheus
>     authenticationRef:
>     # Valid when using Azure managed service for Prometheus
>     cloud: Private # Default is `AzurePublicCloud`
>     # Required when cloud = Private
>     azureManagedPrometheusResourceURL: https://prometheus.monitor.azure.airgap/.default
> 

Reviewer: Let's leave this out and cover it in the details
```suggestion
    # Valid when using Azure managed service for Prometheus
    cloud: Private # Default is `AzurePublicCloud`
    # Required when cloud = Private
    azureManagedPrometheusResourceURL: https://prometheus.monitor.azure.airgap/.default
```

Author: done

### Authentication Parameters

> Prometheus Scaler supports five types of authentication - bearer authentication, basic authentication, TLS authentication, custom authentication and Azure Workload/Pod Identity for Azure managed service for Prometheus.

Reviewer: Given the duplication, I think we can change this to:
```suggestion
Prometheus Scaler supports various types of authentication to help you integrate with Prometheus.
```

Author: done

> 💡 **NOTE:**It's also possible to set the CA certificate regardless of the selected `authModes` (also without any authentication). This might be useful if you are using an enterprise CA.

**Auth for Azure managed service for Prometheus:**

> - See the `Azure managed service for Prometheus` section later on this page.

Reviewer: We typically provide an overview here to help end-users understand what is required, samples are only a nice to have.

I think the unique fields for this feature is `azureManagedPrometheusResourceURL` and `cloud` if I'm not mistaken?

Author: done

> 💡 **NOTE:**It's also possible to set the CA certificate regardless of the selected `authModes` (also without any authentication). This might be useful if you are using an enterprise CA.

> ### Azure managed service for Prometheus

Reviewer: Let's align with existing format above
```suggestion
**Azure managed service for Prometheus:**
```

Author: done

- [Azure AD Pod Identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-azure-ad-pod-identity) or [Azure AD Workload Identity](https://azure.github.io/azure-workload-identity/docs/) providers can be used for Auth.
- No other auth (via `authModes`) can be provided with Azure Pod/Workload Identity Auth.
- Prometheus query endpoint can be retreived from [Azure Monitor Workspace](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/azure-monitor-workspace-overview) that was configured to ingest prometheus metrics.
- `cloud` can be provided in the trigger metadata if needed.

Here is an example of a prometheus scaler with Azure Pod Identity and Azure Workload Identity, define the `TriggerAuthentication` and `ScaledObject` as follows

```yaml
apiVersion: keda.sh/v1alpha1
kind: TriggerAuthentication
metadata:
  name: azure-managed-prometheus-trigger-auth
spec:
  podIdentity:
      provider: azure | azure-workload # use "azure" for pod identity and "azure-workload" for workload identity
      identityId: <identity-id> # Optional. Default: Identity linked with the label set when installing KEDA.

> 

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
```

Author: done
